Annia Navarro Medina		0236619
Fabián Ruíz Sánchez		0233807
Maria José Castillo Gallo	0233815


Development Log - Travel Agency Project
Web Application Development


Thursday, November 17th
	We read the project’s instructions to have an idea of where to start. We decided we could divide the work in pages, 
and only one should work in the backend part of the project.
	

Sunday, November 20th
We dedicated the day to seeing some real travel agency pages and designing the UI of the landing page.


Monday, November 21st
	When the landing page was done, we worked on the reservation and tour options pages, we also looked for a good API for our project, 
but none of them fulfilled our necessities, so we decided to create our own flight, hotels, destinations and prices database to use for the page.
Challenges faced: the APIs we found asked for an account and their documentation was hard to understand, some others blocked the API key 
when requested. We did not find an API like the one we used for the second midterm exam.


Tuesday, November 22nd
	When we had our individual pages, we completed the database and started working on the backend. At that point, we did not have a 
Login form so we worked on its design.
Challenges faced:  we had some trouble understanding the backend part of the project, it is not our favorite area!


Thursday, November 24th
	We connected the backend to the frontend to see the page fully working. We tested the Login and tried to link the main page to the 
other parts. We had to learn how to use the Route element in React, but we had some trouble with it, so the teacher kindly offered to help us 
with our issues. We sent him the project and waited for his corrections.
Challenges faced: we had problems using the react-router-dom elements to connect the pages between them.
	

Monday, November 28th
	The teacher sent us our project, we just had to connect the secondary pages to the landing page, but when we did it, all the styles 
were ruined because it was linked to multiple css files. We fixed it quickly and dedicated the rest of our time to finding out how to 
deploy it in heroku for delivery.
Challenges faced: fixing the css styles of each page by tagging every element with a class so that, for example, what Majo changed 
in the div element of her css, did not mess up the div elements in Annia’s page, etc.
	


Personal Log

Annia Navarro:  I really enjoyed the making of this project. I think we learned from the past two projects and used a few things such as 
time and stress management, so this project was more fun to develop. Even though we missed some parts, I think we found a way to make things 
work and ended up delivering a very functional page that also has a friendly UI. I am proud of ourselves as a team because we could really divide 
the work and finish things on time. Also, I am very thankful to the teacher for helping us with the very last details; he made it easier for us to 
make the project work. Excellent job, team!


Marijo Castillo:  Apart from the multiple technical difficulties we had regarding the backend part of the project, I really enjoyed making the 
entire website. It was fun to see the different ways we could display the information and I was excited to design the mainpage interface, since that 
is my favorite part. Although we weren’t able to complete all of the requirements ( we couldn’t save information in each session ), I believe we did a 
pretty good job with the overall website because we were able to really learn from the mistakes we did on the past projects. I’m proud of what we were 
able to accomplish as a team, including the teacher!


Fabián Ruiz: I really enjoyed working in this project, cause the last one was a hard one, and i think that i really learned a lot from the 
mistakes of the last one and we did a good job in this one, specially when you work as a team and everyone can say what they want and thinks, so its 
better and faster that way. I’m really proud of the job we did and I think that this class really helped me out more with my programmation skills, so 
I'm really happy about it and I'm looking forward to what's next!
